Q1. What is your first and last name? (This is important so that we can link your GitHub username to you.)

A1. <Dominic Bautista Sanchez>

Q2. Do you have any programming experience? If so, how much, and what programming languages have you used?

A2. <I do not have any prio programming experience>

Q3. Do you have experience writing code in C++?

A3. <I do not have any prior experience in writting code in C++>

Q4. How do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit an engineer, regardless of their field?

A4. <I think that learning how to solve computational problems and writting programs could benefit an engineer regardless of thier field since using a computer is required, or at least recommened, in most if not all engineering fields and knowing how to use them efficiently can have potential employee be more likely to be hired by a potential employer. It can also be useful for team work. In engineering fields teamwork is very important and you can be left off project if you are not capeable of keeping up with everybody else. >

Q5. Do you think learning to solve computational problems and write programs could benefit you in everyday life? If so, how?

A5. <I  think that overall, it depends the proffesion somebody chooses that can dictate how much somebody can benefit from leaning how to solve computational problmes and writting programs in thier day to day life. Some people might not have to be as involved with computers in there proffesiona, so to them it wouldnt be as useful. But to a person that chose a proffesion that involves using computers all of the time, they would benefit from learning those two topis very heavily.>

Q6. We may have time for a special topics lecture at the end of the term, depending on how the term unfolds. Are there any special topics related to computer science that you're curious about? (e.g., an introduction to machine learning, computer graphics, object oriented programming, functional programming, frontend development, backend development, databases, cloud development, mobile app development, etc.)

A6. <I don't know anything about any specific topics regarding computer scince or anyhing related but I am excited to learn about coding basics.I belive that it can be very useful for the path that I want to go down.>
